---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: Meet our staff members here at kiwi enterprises
datePublished: '2016-06-27T19:58:03.435Z'
dateModified: '2016-06-27T19:57:52.643Z'
title: STAFF
author: []
authors: []
publisher: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-27-staff.md
url: staff/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
# STAFF

Meet our staff members here at kiwi enterprises

**Kemi Akinbileje, Chief Executive Officer**

Kemi Akinbileje, also known as Lady Kiwi, is the founder of Kiwi Enterprises and Cyber Brand group. She hopes to inspire her clients through her love and passion for branding, music, and artistry. Keep your eyes fixed on the horizon for Kemi, rising performer and self-starter---like no one has ever seen before.

**Claudia Marquez, Executive Vice President**

Claudia Marquez is currently a customer service representative. She uses her people skills as well as management knowledge to assist with first impression education and client outreach. She applies her skills to customer concerns and comes up with the best solution to resolve issues in the most applicable and effective manner in regards to customer satisfaction.

**Maia Parthasarathy, Vice President of Administration**

Maia Parthasarathy is currently attending the Robert H. Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland. She is majoring in Management with minors in Leadership Studies, International Development and Conflict Management, and Human Development. She is passionate about leadership, the arts, and the community. Maia enjoys listening to music, seeing movies, and helping others. She is also extremely excited to be working with Kiwi Enterprises, and looks forward to everything ahead.

**Malcolm Berry, Director of Marketing**

Malcolm Berry is a soon graduate of Morgan State University where he will be earning his degree in Physical Education with a concentration in Physical Therapy. He also published writing for his article "Battling In AIDS" where he explains his time with MetroTeensAids informing teenagers around the DMV about STI's and teenage pregnancy. He has done a few theater performances at the Atlas theater in Washington DC. He currently works as a full time tennis coach with DPR at Takoma park in Washington DC.

**Teresa Lafferty, Director of Social Media**

Teresa Lafferty is a classically trained singer, dancer, and actress from Corona California. She received an A.O.S. in Acting for Stage and Film from the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York, and is currently seeking her B.F.A. in Dramatic Arts at The New School for Drama. Regional/Tours: Les Miserables (SoCal Tour) New York Credits: A Midsummer Night's Dream (Helena, New School for Drama), Loyal Women (Maureen, AADA), La Ronde, (The Whore, AADA), 12 Angry Jurors, Rimers of Eldritch, Enter Laughing and Uncommon Women and Others. She recently appeared on the TODAY show breaking the world record for "World's Largest Street Dance". Teresa will be assistant Directing Echoes of Ebola at the Peter Jay Sharp Theater through Playwright's Horizons in June 2016\.

**Armin Haracic, Editor-In-Cheif**

**Dapne Osbourne, Attorney & Director of Internal Affairs**